west;en;West
northwest;en;Northwest
northeast;en;Northeast
east;en;East
southwest;en;Southwest
southeast;en;Southeast
unknownunit;en;an unknown unit
section_events;en;Messages and Events
section_errors;en;Warnings and Errors
section_economy;en;Economy and Trade
section_production;en;Resources and Production
section_magic;en;Magic and Artefacts
section_movement;en;Movement and Travel
section_study;en;Learning and Teaching
section_battle;en;Battles
section_none;en;Miscellaneous

# Items
herb;en;herb
herbbag;en;herbbag
vial;en;vial
vials;en;vials

# Resourcen
money;en;money
moneys;en;moneys
hp;en;hp
hps;en;hps
aura;en;aura
auras;en;auras
permaura;en;permaura
permauras;en;permauras
peasant;en;peasant
peasants;en;peasants

#items
iron;en;iron
irons;en;irons
log;en;log
logs;en;logs
stone;en;stone
stones;en;stones
cart;en;cart
carts;en;carts
catapult;en;catapult
catapults;en;catapults
sword;en;sword
swords;en;swords
spear;en;spear
spears;en;spears
crossbow;en;crossbow
crossbows;en;crossbows
bow;en;bow
bows;en;bows
# more items
chainmail;en;chainmail
chainmails;en;chainmails
plate;en;plate
plates;en;plates
balm;en;balm
spice;en;spice
jewel;en;jewel
jewels;en;jewels
myrrh;en;myrrh
oil;en;oil
silk;en;silk
incense;en;incense
firesword;en;firesword
fireswords;en;fireswords
shieldstone;en;shieldstone
shieldstones;en;shieldstones
greatsword;en;great sword
greatswords;en;great swords
axe;en;axe
axes;en;axes
greatbow;en;great bow
greatbows;en;great bows
laensword;en;laen sword
laenswords;en;laen swords
laenshield;en;laen shield
laenshields;en;laen shields
laenmail;en;laen chainmail
laenmails;en;laen chainmails
laen;en;laen
shield;en;shield
shields;en;shields
halberd;en;halberd
halberds;en;halberds
lance;en;lance
lances;en;lances
mallorn;en;mallorn
cookie;en;cookie
cookies;en;cookies
apple;en;apple
apples;en;apples
nut;en;nut
nuts;en;nuts
almond;en;almond
almonds;en;almonds
dragonblood;en;dragonblood
fairyboot;en;fairyboot
healingpotion;en;healingpotion
healingpotions;en;healingpotions
antimagic;en;antimagic cristal
antimagics;en;antimagic cristals
toadslime;en;toadslime
amulet;en;amulet
amulets;en;amulets
aoh;en;amulet of healing
aohs;en;amulets of healing
aog;en;amulet of gathering
aogs;en;amulets of gathering
aots;en;amulet of true seeing
aotss;en;amulets of true seeing
aoc;en;amulet of the kitten
aocs;en;amulets of the kitten
roi;en;ring of invisibility
rois;en;rings of invisibility
rop;en;ring of power
rops;en;rings of power
roqf;en;ring of quick fingers
roqfs;en;rings of quick fingers
horse;en;horse
horses;en;horses
herbbag;en;herbbag
herbbags;en;herbbags
moneybag;en;moneybag
moneychest;en;moneychest
dragonhoard;en;dragonhoard
dragonhead;en;dragonhead
dragonheads;en;dragonheads
eyeofdragon;en;eye of dragon
eyeofdragons;en;eye of dragons
rustysword;en;rusty sword
rustyswords;en;rusty swords
rustyshield;en;rusty shield
rustyshields;en;rusty shields
rustychainmail;en;rustychainmail
rustychainmails;en;rustychainmails
soc;en;sack of holding
socs;en;sacks of holding
ror;en;ring of regeneration
rors;en;rings of regeneration
aod;en;amulet of darkness
aods;en;amulets of darkness
magicbag;en;magic bag
dreameye;en;dreameye
dreameyes;en;dreameyes
seaserpenthead;en;seaserpenthead
seaserpentheads;en;seaserpentheads
aurafocus;en;aurafocus
aurafocuses;en;aurafocuses
presspass;en;presspass
presspasses;en;presspasses
trollbelt;en;trollbelt

# Spezialitems
lmsreward;en;Belt of Heroic Legends

# Terraintypen
maelstrom;en;maelstrom
ocean;en;ocean
plain;en;plain
forest;en;forest
swamp;en;swamp
desert;en;desert
highland;en;highland
mountain;en;mountain
glacier;en;glacier
firewall;en;firewall
grassland;en;steppe
volcano;en;volcano
fog;en;fog
iceberg;en;iceberg
thickfog;en;thick fog
hell;en;hell
activevolcano;en;active volcano
hall1;en;hallway
corridor1;en;corridor

maelstrom_trail;en;a %s
ocean_trail;en;an %s
plain_trail;en;the plain of %s
forest_trail;en;the forests of %s
swamp_trail;en;the swamps of %s
desert_trail;en;the deserts of %s
highland_trail;en;the highlands of %s
mountain_trail;en;the mountains of %s
glacier_trail;en;the glacier of %s
firewall_trail;en;a %s
grassland_trail;en;the steppe of %s
volcano_trail;en;a %s
fog_trail;en;fog_trail
iceberg_trail;en;an %s
thickfog_trail;en;%s
hell_trail;en;%s
activevolcano_trail;en;an %s
hall1_trail;en;the %s
corridor1_trail;en;a %s

caldera;en;caldera
xmas_exit;en;portal
